@here
Today’s Chocolate Assignment - Presidio Avengers

Problem Statement:
The Avengers are in need of your help! Thanos has gathered all six Infinity Stones and is threatening to destroy the universe. 
You must use your JavaScript skills to create a web application that will help the Avengers stop Thanos.

The application should have the following features:
A list of all the Infinity Stones
A map of the universe
A way for the Avengers to track Thanos’s movements
A way for the Avengers to communicate with each other
The application should be responsive so that it can be used on all devices.

To complete this problem statement, you will need to use the following JavaScript concepts:
Async tasks
Promises
API calls
Responsive design

Hint:
The Avengers can use a combination of these methods to track Thanos’s movements. 
This will help them to stay one step ahead of him and to stop him from destroying the universe.

Here are some specific steps that the Avengers could take to track Thanos’s movements:
Use the Marvel API to get a list of all the Infinity Stones.
Use the Google Maps API to get a map of the universe.
Use the Marvel API to get the location of each Infinity Stone.
Plot the location of each Infinity Stone on the map.
Use the Google Maps API to track Thanos’s movements.
If Thanos gets close to an Infinity Stone, the Avengers can send a team to stop him.

Note - Last Date to submit is extended till Tomorrow midnight i.e. (24th May midnight).

Submit your task on respective github repos, top three to submit will get chocolates.

Points will be according to following criteria:
Retrieve data from external APIs using async tasks or promises.
Handle API responses and parse data to extract relevant information.
Implement a responsive design for different screen sizes.
Showcase creativity and user-friendly interaction in the frontend.
Demonstrate proficiency in JavaScript fundamentals and best practices.


public key - 16cc21ee3af49dc4b9cfaa5f9a379165
private key - 2f9d1d07ee84b953eb75bfbb3f82f548042b2072
md5 hash - d47927c1191f586477297ceaa7b30594
api - developer.marvel.com

Problems
1. How to display multiple universe
2. If we locate all the stones in world map itself, how to track thanos.
--> Thanos will login in our account.?
--> Something should be in movement in order to track, so what is it?
3. How to communicate? need storage?
--> if so, need accounts?
--> create auth for each character?